1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<<20>>>
   
2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<<5>>>

3. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Long and Double Basic Types): ...
I spent about 3 hours going over JMethodDeclaration and related files trying
to figure out what I needed to modify in it. After those hours, I moved on
hoping it was not necessary. I completed everything else in the checklist
but couldnt get the gradescope tests to pass so I figured that the problem
might require a later problem to be completed so I moved on to Operators.

I actually completed and passed problem 2 so I went back to problem 1 to
find the issue. I realized that I did not modify binaryexpressions for
+, -, *, /, etc to accept doubles and longs so I implemented that next
but still continued receiving errors. I then read on gradescope and saw
the post about removing trailing L's from long literals. Once I implemented
that, I still couldn't pass the tests. It wasn't until the next morning that
I realized that my JVariableDeclaration.java was not included in my uploaded
files. 

Once I included that, I was able to pass the gradescope test easily.

   Problem 2 (Operators): ...
This problem wasn't so much hard as it was long. I spent most of my time
copying and modifying anaylze and codegen methods from exisiting files
to write the necessary ones. 

I was able to pass all but one test on gradescope, which was a true/false 
problem. I modified each of the opeartor's codegen until I was able to 
narrow down which test was failing. It ended up being my JLogicalOrOp
which once the problem in the codegen was fixed, allowed me to pass the
gradescope tests.
   
   Problem 3 (Conditional Expression): ...
This was the easiest of the problems for me. I based it off of JIfStatement
and was able to get it working by only changing a few lines.

   Problem 4 (Switch Statement): ...
I did not complete this for homeworks 3 and 4, so I was not able to get it
working for this homework either.

   Problem 5 (Do-While Statement): ...
At first I was a bit confused for this problem. I started going through all
provided files and found JIfStatement and my JConditionalStatement's analyze
and codegen may work for this. I modified those as was able to complete this
problem easily. 

   Problem 6 (For Statement): ...
I spent a few hours on this problem. I went based off of the checklist and was
unable to get it to pass the tests. I spoke to another student who mentioned 
they had to do looping in theres to account for the contexts in each loop.

I tried implementing a loop however I did not use ArrayLists in my original
code so I did not have anything to iterate through. After countless attempts,
I started with a clean slate and just did what the checklist said again and
was able to pass it.


   Problem 7 (Break Statement): ...
I spent a long time trying to get this to work but I did not understand the
instructions well enough.

   Problem 8 (Continue Statement): ...
Did not complete 7, and did not get a chance to start on this. 

   Problem 9 (Exception Handlers): ...
I did not complete this for homeworks 3 and 4, so I was not able to get it
working for this homework either.

   Problem 10 (Interface Type Declaration): ...
I did not complete this for homeworks 3 and 4, so I was not able to get it
working for this homework either.

4. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS451/651 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------
Steven Garcia        Classmate    Gave me advice on what to look into when I
                                   was stuck on certain problems.
   ...                ...          ...

5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

This was definitely the most challenging homework yet. For a lot of it I 
felt like there was not much to go off of and took a lot of time and thinking.
Even with effort there were still a bunch of problems I was unable to 
complete, the most out of any homework so far for me in this class.

There were a few times I really struggled or was about to give up on the 
problem but instead started over from scratch and was able to get it working 
in the end. I regret not completing switch, exception handlers, and interfaces
in previous homeworks but as I did not even complete break and continue,
I don't think it would help me much in this homework.

